[Music]
hello what's this all right it's that
girl's phone number yeah yeah there it
is
just a phone number a really hot girl
gave me it's no big deal I mean it is
for a home phone number but
whoa what whoops almost lost this baby
yeah the lovely Amanda gives me her
number and I go and drop it
thank you hi guys this is josh josh
these are my friends that's Ross Josh hi
dudes did you clean college oh I still
do next year hopefully make bar see that
you play soccer in high school oh no
wait that's right you just organized
their game schedules on your Commodore
64 well it's getting late I gotta get
the game so I'm gonna head okay I'll
miss you
Wow cute would there be no is he great
so nice to finally be in a fun
relationship you know there's nothing
boring about him and betty's never even
set foot in a museum well maybe he'll
get to go soon you know like on a class
trip or something you know what else is
really great about him Oh what is the
word for an adult who doesn't have
dinosaur toys in their bedroom Monica
knows it's a dumb thing that Ross made
up this is going to fool our parents
it's a way of giving the finger without
actually having to give it I remember I
cried the night you made that up this is
the first time I realized I was cooler
than my big brother hey Amanda
just just drop me off yeah it's one of
the things I love about her she's she's
old enough to drive
I guess we're not coming to mom and
dad's tonight huh sorry well where's
Amanda hey Rach could you give me some
cough drops I mean you know I'm thinking
you could bring her and you guys could
go up to your old room and not make out
at least I know she's not going out with
me to get into r-rated movies why don't
you just marry her oh no wait a minute
you can I'm sorry I forgot she's not a
lesbian
Amanda and I have a nothing you're not
even going out your babysitter 12 your
own girls job
[Music]
what are you laughing at
this bike egg-sucking boyfriend is
stealing from me he stole a couple bucks
from me big deal he bought me something
with it that's mine would you both
please start acting like adults
give me my cough drops sorry at least I
made 10 bucks and my relationship
[Applause]
does socks grading grading down the
street reading guns operating leaving
later treats doesn't even work without
my sexy voice like it John Theurer kiss
me